readme.md, before:

<div align="center">

<a href="https://revolt.chat" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  <img src="https://revolt.chat/favicon.svg" height="240" />
</a>

# Awesome Revolt [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![lint](https://github.com/revoltchat/awesome-revolt/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/revoltchat/awesome-revolt/actions/workflows/main.yaml)

An awesome list of things for Revolt, the chat app that's truly built with you in mind.

</div>

## Contents

- [💻 API Libraries](#-api-libraries)
- [🤖 Bots](#-bots)
- [🎨 Themes](#-themes)
- [🔧 Third-party Clients](#-third-party-clients)
- [❌ Discontinued Projects](#-discontinued-projects)

## 💻 API Libraries

### Node.js

- [revolt.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/revolt.js) - Official JavaScript library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.io](https://github.com/revolt-io/revolt.io) - JavaScript library for Revolt.
- [Revoltx](https://github.com/kaname-png/revoltx) - RevoltX is a framework for creating Revolt bots, powered by the @sapphire/framework Arguments and Preconditions system.
- [Reject.js](https://github.com/revoltrejectorg/reject.js) - Compatibility layer for Discord.js bots to port themselves to Revolt.js.
- [Revoice.js](https://github.com/ShadowLp174/revoice.js) - A library for interacting with voice channels on Revolt.
- [TurnipBeams](https://github.com/lexisother/TurnipBeams) - A declarative, structure-agnostic, TypeScript-centric command handler for revolt.js.
- [Revolt Uploader](https://github.com/ShadowLp174/revolt-uploader) - A utility package that allows you to add attachments to messages.
- [RevKit](https://github.com/Revolt-Unofficial-Clients/revkit) - A typed, class-oriented library for interacting with Revolt. Also includes additional packages for voice channels and command handler.

### C#

- [Revolt.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Revolt.Net/) - The .NET library for Revolt.
- [Revolution](https://github.com/li223/Revolution) - Yet another .Net Wrapper for Revolt.
- [RevoltSharp](https://github.com/xXBuilderBXx/RevoltSharp) - C# lib with all the events and easy to use design.

### Go

- [grevolt](https://github.com/InfinityBotList/grevolt) - A low-level library for Revolt focused on being well-tested, up-to-date and feature-complete with Revolt's current API.
- [revoltgo](https://github.com/sentinelb51/revoltgo) - Low-level bindings to the Revolt API, [like discordgo](https://github.com/bwmarrin/discordgo)
- [revolt.go](https://github.com/ben-forster/revolt) - Go wrapper for Revolt.

### Java

- [Java Revolt Bridge](https://github.com/jrvlt/jrv) - Java client library for interacting with the Revolt chat platform.

### Python

- [pyrevolt](https://github.com/GenericNerd/pyrevolt) - A library to wrap the Revolt API, made to be easy-to-use but powerful and feature rich.
- [pyvolt](https://github.com/MCausc78/pyvolt) - Flexible, asynchronous and feature-rich Revolt API wrapper for Python.
- [Voltage](https://github.com/EnokiUN/voltage) - A simple asynchronous pythonic wrapper for the Revolt API.
- [Revolt.py](https://github.com/revoltchat/revolt.py) - Official Python library for Revolt.
- [Luster](https://github.com/nerdguyahmad/luster) - Modern Python library for Revolt.chat API.

### Rust

- [Robespierre](https://github.com/dblanovschi/robespierre) - Rust library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.rs](https://github.com/AkiaCode/revolt.rs) - An API wrapper for Revolt.
- [Ruvolt](https://github.com/Arthur-Damasceno/ruvolt) - Revolt API wrapper for create bots.
- [Rive](https://crates.io/crates/rive) - A Rust ecosystem for Revolt.
- [Seria](https://github.com/reinacchi/seria) - A Rust-based library for interacting with Revolt.

### Dart

- [Volt](https://github.com/volt-framework/volt) - Wrapper around Revolt Bot API for Dart.

### Swift

- [RevoltKit](https://github.com/gulje/RevoltKit) - An API wrapper for Swift.

### Cobol

- [revolt-cobol-api](https://github.com/kabylake1/revolt-cobol-api) - A COBOL API wrapper for making Revolt bots.

## 🤖 Bots

- [Bolt](https://github.com/williamhorning/bolt) - A cross-platform bot that bridges Discord, Guilded, and Revolt.
- [TelegramBridge](https://github.com/o8z/TelegramBridge) - Telegram <==> Revolt bridge.
- [Remix](https://github.com/remix-bot/revolt) - An advanced music bot that supports YouTube, Spotify, and Soundcloud - All the power just a click away ;).
- [revcord](https://github.com/mayudev/revcord) - Discord bridge with setup through commands. Supports edits, images, embeds etc.
- [PHLASH](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/revolt-phlash) - A (mostly music) bot with support for music from YouTube/SoundCloud/MP3s + more, various audio filters, and some other helpful commands.
- [ChatGPT](https://github.com/NoLogicAlan/ChatGPT) - Introducing ChatGPT Bot - the ultimate AI-powered chat companion for your Revolt server!.
- [Revolt.js.template](https://github.com/sympact06/revolt.js.template) - A bot template made with OOP rules and advanced error handling and EmbedBuilder. You can make a bot without knowning the whole revolt.js documentation with it.
- [revolt.guide](https://revolt.guide) - A guide on how to create your own Revolt Bot with revolt.js.
- [matrix-appservice-revolt](https://codeberg.org/austinhuang/matrix-appservice-revolt) - Matrix-Revolt bridge.
- [Borgar](https://github.com/shaksternano/borgar) - A Discord and Revolt bot for making fun image edits.

## 🎨 Themes

- [Official Theme Repository](https://github.com/revoltchat/themes) - Themes provided by the Revolt community.
- [revolt-tweaks](https://github.com/lo-kiss/revolt-tweaks) - Useful snippets that can be used alongside themes.
- [Revolt Discord Theme](https://github.com/ThatTonybo/Revolt-Discord-Theme) - Discord-like theme by ThatTonybo.

## 🔧 Third-party Clients

<!--lint ignore no-undefined-references-->

> [!WARNING]
> Unless stated, these are not officially endorsed. **Proceed at your own risk.**

For a full list of clients with more information, check out the [Revolt Clients page](https://wiki.rvlt.gg/index.php/Revolt_Clients) on the Revolt Community Wiki.

- [Minecraft: Unofficial Revolt for Fabric](https://rvf.infi.sh/) - Minecraft-based client for the Revolt chat platform.
- [Mobile App: Clerotri](https://github.com/upryzing/clerotri) - Revolt client for Android and web, built with React Native.
- [Mobile App: Unoffical Revolt Android App](https://github.com/ashpotter/revolt-mobile) - Revolt Android app based on ASW.
- [Svolte](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/revolt-svolte) - Revolt client made in Svelte with better mobile/PWA support and QOL features.

## ❌ Discontinued Projects

- [Disbridge](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/Disbridge) - A Revolt - Discord bridge for people that have friends who won't switch.
- [DiscordBridge](https://github.com/Jan0660/Taco/tree/senpai/DiscordBridge) - Temporary Discord bridge until first-party support is added.
- [Mobile App: Rebar](https://github.com/Z1R343L/rebar) - App for Android and iOS written with Flutter.
- [PhotoBox](https://github.com/PhotoBoxPW/PhotoBoxRevolt) - A bot that creates and morphs images into fun memes or with crazy filters.
- [defectio](https://github.com/LimeProgramming/defectio) - Asyncronous and typed Python library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.Cli: TUI client for Revolt](https://github.com/Jan0660/Revolt.Cli) - Terminal.Gui based CLI client writen in C#.
- [RevoltMini](https://codeberg.org/amycatgirl/revoltmini) - Revolt client for relatively small, low-end smartphones.
- [Taco](https://github.com/Jan0660/Taco) - Multi-purpose bot, includes Discord bridge.
- [Voltare](https://github.com/Dexare/Voltare) - Typed, modular and extendable Revolt bot framework.

## Contributing

[Contributions of any kind welcome, just follow the guidelines](contributing.md)!

Commit message:

feat: add Refork to the third party client section (#85)
* Adding Refork to third party client list

* moving Refork to position in list per guidelines

---------

Signed-off-by: Paul Makles <paulmakles@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Paul Makles <paulmakles@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">

<a href="https://revolt.chat" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  <img src="https://revolt.chat/favicon.svg" height="240" />
</a>

# Awesome Revolt [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![lint](https://github.com/revoltchat/awesome-revolt/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/revoltchat/awesome-revolt/actions/workflows/main.yaml)

An awesome list of things for Revolt, the chat app that's truly built with you in mind.

</div>

## Contents

- [💻 API Libraries](#-api-libraries)
- [🤖 Bots](#-bots)
- [🎨 Themes](#-themes)
- [🔧 Third-party Clients](#-third-party-clients)
- [❌ Discontinued Projects](#-discontinued-projects)

## 💻 API Libraries

### Node.js

- [revolt.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/revolt.js) - Official JavaScript library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.io](https://github.com/revolt-io/revolt.io) - JavaScript library for Revolt.
- [Revoltx](https://github.com/kaname-png/revoltx) - RevoltX is a framework for creating Revolt bots, powered by the @sapphire/framework Arguments and Preconditions system.
- [Reject.js](https://github.com/revoltrejectorg/reject.js) - Compatibility layer for Discord.js bots to port themselves to Revolt.js.
- [Revoice.js](https://github.com/ShadowLp174/revoice.js) - A library for interacting with voice channels on Revolt.
- [TurnipBeams](https://github.com/lexisother/TurnipBeams) - A declarative, structure-agnostic, TypeScript-centric command handler for revolt.js.
- [Revolt Uploader](https://github.com/ShadowLp174/revolt-uploader) - A utility package that allows you to add attachments to messages.
- [RevKit](https://github.com/Revolt-Unofficial-Clients/revkit) - A typed, class-oriented library for interacting with Revolt. Also includes additional packages for voice channels and command handler.

### C#

- [Revolt.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Revolt.Net/) - The .NET library for Revolt.
- [Revolution](https://github.com/li223/Revolution) - Yet another .Net Wrapper for Revolt.
- [RevoltSharp](https://github.com/xXBuilderBXx/RevoltSharp) - C# lib with all the events and easy to use design.

### Go

- [grevolt](https://github.com/InfinityBotList/grevolt) - A low-level library for Revolt focused on being well-tested, up-to-date and feature-complete with Revolt's current API.
- [revoltgo](https://github.com/sentinelb51/revoltgo) - Low-level bindings to the Revolt API, [like discordgo](https://github.com/bwmarrin/discordgo)
- [revolt.go](https://github.com/ben-forster/revolt) - Go wrapper for Revolt.

### Java

- [Java Revolt Bridge](https://github.com/jrvlt/jrv) - Java client library for interacting with the Revolt chat platform.

### Python

- [pyrevolt](https://github.com/GenericNerd/pyrevolt) - A library to wrap the Revolt API, made to be easy-to-use but powerful and feature rich.
- [pyvolt](https://github.com/MCausc78/pyvolt) - Flexible, asynchronous and feature-rich Revolt API wrapper for Python.
- [Voltage](https://github.com/EnokiUN/voltage) - A simple asynchronous pythonic wrapper for the Revolt API.
- [Revolt.py](https://github.com/revoltchat/revolt.py) - Official Python library for Revolt.
- [Luster](https://github.com/nerdguyahmad/luster) - Modern Python library for Revolt.chat API.

### Rust

- [Robespierre](https://github.com/dblanovschi/robespierre) - Rust library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.rs](https://github.com/AkiaCode/revolt.rs) - An API wrapper for Revolt.
- [Ruvolt](https://github.com/Arthur-Damasceno/ruvolt) - Revolt API wrapper for create bots.
- [Rive](https://crates.io/crates/rive) - A Rust ecosystem for Revolt.
- [Seria](https://github.com/reinacchi/seria) - A Rust-based library for interacting with Revolt.

### Dart

- [Volt](https://github.com/volt-framework/volt) - Wrapper around Revolt Bot API for Dart.

### Swift

- [RevoltKit](https://github.com/gulje/RevoltKit) - An API wrapper for Swift.

### Cobol

- [revolt-cobol-api](https://github.com/kabylake1/revolt-cobol-api) - A COBOL API wrapper for making Revolt bots.

## 🤖 Bots

- [Bolt](https://github.com/williamhorning/bolt) - A cross-platform bot that bridges Discord, Guilded, and Revolt.
- [TelegramBridge](https://github.com/o8z/TelegramBridge) - Telegram <==> Revolt bridge.
- [Remix](https://github.com/remix-bot/revolt) - An advanced music bot that supports YouTube, Spotify, and Soundcloud - All the power just a click away ;).
- [revcord](https://github.com/mayudev/revcord) - Discord bridge with setup through commands. Supports edits, images, embeds etc.
- [PHLASH](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/revolt-phlash) - A (mostly music) bot with support for music from YouTube/SoundCloud/MP3s + more, various audio filters, and some other helpful commands.
- [ChatGPT](https://github.com/NoLogicAlan/ChatGPT) - Introducing ChatGPT Bot - the ultimate AI-powered chat companion for your Revolt server!.
- [Revolt.js.template](https://github.com/sympact06/revolt.js.template) - A bot template made with OOP rules and advanced error handling and EmbedBuilder. You can make a bot without knowning the whole revolt.js documentation with it.
- [revolt.guide](https://revolt.guide) - A guide on how to create your own Revolt Bot with revolt.js.
- [matrix-appservice-revolt](https://codeberg.org/austinhuang/matrix-appservice-revolt) - Matrix-Revolt bridge.
- [Borgar](https://github.com/shaksternano/borgar) - A Discord and Revolt bot for making fun image edits.

## 🎨 Themes

- [Official Theme Repository](https://github.com/revoltchat/themes) - Themes provided by the Revolt community.
- [revolt-tweaks](https://github.com/lo-kiss/revolt-tweaks) - Useful snippets that can be used alongside themes.
- [Revolt Discord Theme](https://github.com/ThatTonybo/Revolt-Discord-Theme) - Discord-like theme by ThatTonybo.

## 🔧 Third-party Clients

<!--lint ignore no-undefined-references-->

> [!WARNING]
> Unless stated, these are not officially endorsed. **Proceed at your own risk.**

For a full list of clients with more information, check out the [Revolt Clients page](https://wiki.rvlt.gg/index.php/Revolt_Clients) on the Revolt Community Wiki.

- [Minecraft: Unofficial Revolt for Fabric](https://rvf.infi.sh/) - Minecraft-based client for the Revolt chat platform.
- [Mobile App: Clerotri](https://github.com/upryzing/clerotri) - Revolt client for Android and web, built with React Native.
- [Mobile App: Unoffical Revolt Android App](https://github.com/ashpotter/revolt-mobile) - Revolt Android app based on ASW.
- [Svolte](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/revolt-svolte) - Revolt client made in Svelte with better mobile/PWA support and QOL features.
- [Refork](https://github.com/alexjyong/android) - Fork of the Android Stoat client with QOL features and de-googled phone support.

## ❌ Discontinued Projects

- [Disbridge](https://github.com/itzTheMeow/Disbridge) - A Revolt - Discord bridge for people that have friends who won't switch.
- [DiscordBridge](https://github.com/Jan0660/Taco/tree/senpai/DiscordBridge) - Temporary Discord bridge until first-party support is added.
- [Mobile App: Rebar](https://github.com/Z1R343L/rebar) - App for Android and iOS written with Flutter.
- [PhotoBox](https://github.com/PhotoBoxPW/PhotoBoxRevolt) - A bot that creates and morphs images into fun memes or with crazy filters.
- [defectio](https://github.com/LimeProgramming/defectio) - Asyncronous and typed Python library for Revolt.
- [Revolt.Cli: TUI client for Revolt](https://github.com/Jan0660/Revolt.Cli) - Terminal.Gui based CLI client writen in C#.
- [RevoltMini](https://codeberg.org/amycatgirl/revoltmini) - Revolt client for relatively small, low-end smartphones.
- [Taco](https://github.com/Jan0660/Taco) - Multi-purpose bot, includes Discord bridge.
- [Voltare](https://github.com/Dexare/Voltare) - Typed, modular and extendable Revolt bot framework.

## Contributing

[Contributions of any kind welcome, just follow the guidelines](contributing.md)!
